hello people welcome to a something
another video then it is a tag video
because I saw that sounds like it
was twice a day once from
phoenix like women once from fm fifa
big on the boys yes that's one
interesting day usually
directed tech center how to store the
Of course, there are a few other questions
through the scene we have are one
a little bit of other questions is in five
ask me about that a bit
I say my playing career now
So there are questions like that
I get to play right are the
is all that kind of a chain letter that
means I'm shown by someone what
I would
and I enter at the end of this video
and that should be synonymous a video
do it and ask them
So answer everything very relaxed and
funny and i will be in the end and then
one thinks I do not have any now
idea
in the background will be any pack
I'll see you someday
I had no idea then sad
and so are five questions and the first one
is how you are then to gamble
come that's a pretty interesting one
ask because I take it already
pretty long ago because I think so
have my first game somehow with
So six or five are included
Almost five or ten years ago
and I think I'm gambling then
come because I play the pokémon
want to have and answer that
also immediately my next question believe
But I am so then actually
rather come together by yourself
killing pokémon wanted to have and before
from time to time with other people stop
have played in the imagination for themselves
then sometimes
with other children had the stop
Probable gamer I think was
that and question 2 is with what age
did you play your first game that
his would have as I said 56
I do not believe much earlier
really say something or not
intense or interested
that men were really attentive and
So now when I'm on
button pressure and do not know what
happened is not right for me
play
The third question is what was your first
You have to console now in winter
my first console seem generally
was the snes so the super nintendo and
my first hand was the game boy color
So the gemballa was definitely as
first of 1999 I think with you
pokémon blue what next
question is what was your first
game that was definitely pokémon the blue one
edition yes somehow everyone had always
red only I had blue
that was as always so for example
now more people have y as ex and
fx interesting but good and on the snes
was the f zero incredible speak
I like to talk about it today
for the time to have or colleagues
go whose companies have themselves
already has sms and super mario world one
and to to was namely with yoshi island
what a very funny game
has this little mini mario this
have played this baby mario with
yoshi that was really funny and ask 5
what was your first game which
animal from your own money buying that
that was a bit late I have to say
because I was I'm pretty frowned upon
I have to say that as a child
that was really only in 2005 and it was
when I gave myself my xbox the
first xbox by the way yes one year resp
exactly in the year for the 360 out
came very smart it was
Wrestlemania 21 that's what I wanted
I have to have that and I have
me with gta san andreas bought at gta
San Andreas I have so a bit
get a lot is 21 and
I have the console myself
I have a savings account money for months
Saved on it
by the way, that is in no relation to
the effect your video has the question
and answer video what is still to come
that will probably be today or
Tomorrow I do not know if I will
bring three videos today or tomorrow
are looking because you are still too
work and carolus and yes that was that
Day again small and short and held
I hope you enjoyed it and me
say only one I think that is the max
gaming tv is a good boy you can
take a look at him and tell him
that I told him I will
reinstall the channel link below
just like you can ask me once
say a little what you like as yours
first console had or first game or
how you come to it, it already has one
a bit long ago and there is
big memory gaps
but I want to see what he is looking forward to
Of course, what then says max gaming
Requires demand and yes if you
easy actions, of course, also pure
because I'm so really in the head
who had not made a video tag
I'm a big one
Rounder but I would definitely
Find interesting what you are saying in
the five ask as I said I like yes
also in the video description and yes
So that's his job